       Suggested Rules for reporting numerical results with POSTS
                          and Obtaining POSTS
                        D. Holmes, March, 1995.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------

This readme file contains suggestions for reporting stochastic programming
test results and instructions on how to get an extendible, portable test
set.  Any suggestions or comments would be GREATLY appreciated, and can be
forwarded to dholmes@engin.umich.edu .

I. Suggested Rules for reporting results with stochastic programming test
   problems (e.g. from POSTS).

   1. Tolerances and solutions

    * All stages should be solved to a relative tolerance of 10^(-6), i.e.
      if UB and LB are upper and lower bounds on the recourse objective
      in any given stage, (UB-LB)/(|LB|+0.1) <= 10^(-6).  Interior point codes
      should use the same tolerance, but are not required to provide a basic
      solution.

    * Primal and dual solutions should be given for all nodes in the
      solution tree.  (If not, at least primal solutions should be given,
      and the absence of dual solutions should be reported.)

   2. Reporting

    * Complete descriptions of the hardware and software used should be given,
      including machines make, model, memory, and speed (if applicable).  If
      parallel codes are used, some indication of processor-processor bandwidth
      and message latency should be reported.  (Ideally, the guidelines
      presented in Section 7 of Barr and Hickman should be followed.)  If
      external routines are used (e.g. LP solvers), they should be cited.

    * Both algorithmic solution times and total times should be reported.
      Algorithmic solution times exclude input, problem set-up, and output.
      System times should be used if uniprocessor codes are used.  If a
      parallel code is being used, the best and average wall clock times
      over a group of tests should be used.  Using
      machines loaded with other processes should be avoided, if possible.

II.  Instructions for getting POSTS:

     POSTS is available in (1) zip format or (2) compressed tar format
     from the anonymous ftp server

         freebie.engin.umich.edu as /pub/stoprobs/posts.zip
                                    /pub/stoprobs/posts.tar.Z








